kort new revelations in her teen sex
case could send sebastian area teenager
caitlin hunt back to jail all of this
has prosecutors alleged that she's
ignoring demands to stay away from her
then 14 year old victim Jeff Skye Peck
is live in Sebastian Jeff as we stand
outside the Indian River County
Courthouse hunt her family and even her
lawyers they're not talking tonight
either are they attorneys for the
alleged victim so it is unclear right
now what will happen with Caitlin hunt
next only that prosecutors in this
document are making a hard charge that
hunt continues to violate the law just
days away from the start of school at
Sebastian River High former student
Caitlin hunt he's back in the spotlight
since summer happened it kind of just
went away the whole situation then but
I'm sure it's gonna come back up within
these next few weeks because of
everything that just happened senior
Brittney O'Neil and her teammates say it
was this four-page document that was all
the talk at volleyball practice on
Thursday
prosecutors alleging hunt violated her
no contact order I feel like there's
like murderers out there so I should
they be bother bothered on this state
prosecutors say hunt exchanged twenty
thousand text messages with the alleged
victim writing no matter what if they
find out we talked I'm going to jail
until trial starts and if my mom finds
out we're talking I'm blaming it on you
the court can hold Caitlin in pretrial
detention basically in jail until this
case gets resolved the State Attorney's
Office says hunts and sexually explicit
photos of video and the two continued to
secretly meet investigators even claimed
hunts mother texted her child's accuser
please delete everything and make sure
no one finds out you've spoken to Kate
at all but if this case gets resolved by
a plea then obviously this is moot
students like o'neal and her teammates
hope it all ends everyone just wants it
to be done in every way them currently
never hear the name Caitlin it's
affected not only her but the people of
her friends family the whole school
expelled prosecutors at the State
Attorney's Office saying the plea deal
they offered up to Caitlin hunt just a
few days ago is still on the table
meanwhile a date has not
set to deal with the matters addressed
here in this document reporting live
tonight in Vero Beach Jeff sky Peck WPTV
News Channel five